Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we've just learned how to check for a quality of two items.
But what about when we want to check if two values are not equal to each other.
Truth is we can combine an exclamation mark and an equal sign.
As it does in many programming language the exclamation mark represents not that's not an example.
So in idle Let's go new file let's just make that large Let's save this as
birthday.
There we go.
Saved.
OK.
So my underscore birthday equals November
my birthday.
Is not equal to
march.
Then print
it not your birthday.
Let me just correct that.
That should be a double quote instead of a single.
And let's run this so you'll save it.
What's this error.
Now let's just correct this and just left out the quote.
And let's run it again.
It's not your birthday and that's because the minute the value assigned to my birthday is November and
we have given it marked We're checking if it's March.
OK so I hope that helps.
And that's how you check for I suppose inequality.
How to check if two items are not equal to each other and see you in the next lecture.
When will we be looking at numerical comparisons.
Thank you.